### Python version
python --version:
Python 3.8.8

### According to instruction, full code is in one file stitch.py.

I attach on moodle: 
- task_5_stitched.jpg, task_6_stitched.jpg, task_7_stitched.jpg
- stitch.py
- requirements.txt (generated by pip freeze)
- folder matches, which includes matching pairs found by SuperGlue (npz and png files)
- folder stitching containing undistorted_img{i}.png files which were generated in task1, of course it is possible to execute code for task1 and generate them again.

I don't attach the calibration folder and the original stitching photos. They should be added in the same directory as the stitch.py file. Orginal photos can be uploaded to already existing stitching folder with undistorted photos.

First part of code includes all functions which are used in different tasks:
- apply_projective_transformation - APPLYING PROJECTIVE TRANSFORMATION - USED IN TASKS 2, 4, 5, 6, 7 
- find_homography - FINDING HOMOGRAPHY - USED IN TASKS 3, 4, 5, 6, 7
 - get_new_shape - RESHAPING PHOTO TO PLACE IT ON WHOLE PANORAMA - USED IN TASKS 5, 6, 7
 - calc_cost - CALCULATING COST WITH MODIFICATION TO PENALISE NOT OVERLAPPING REGIONS - USED IN TASKS 5, 6, 7
 - find_seam - FINDING SEAM - USED IN TASKS 5, 6, 7
 - plot_seam - PLOTTING SEAM - CAN BE USED IN TASKS 5, 6, 7
 - stitch_images - STITCHING TWO PHOTOS - USED IN TASKS 5, 6, 7
 - find_homography_with_ransac - FINDING BEST HOMOGRAPHY WITH RANSAC - USED IN TASKS 6, 7
 - calc_homography_based_on_match_pairs - CALCULATING HOMOGRAPHY BASED ON SUPERGLUE MATCHING PAIRS WITH RANSAC- USED IN TASKS 6, 7

Second part of code is divided into 7 functions for particular tasks. We can choose results of which task we want to display while stitch.py execution by uncommenting functions:
```python
if __name__ == '__main__':
    # task1()
    # task2()
    task3()
    # task4()
    task5()
    task6()
    task7()
```

### Key notes for each task and discussion of task1 results:

#### task1:
Firstly, we calibrate camera with method which uses all available information on the board, (by using full board of markers with known distances between them (function calibrate_camera_all_board())). We undistort calibration photos to see results. Secondly, we calibrate camera by reusing the same image six times (as if there are six ArUcO tags with unknown distances between them (function calibrate_camera_one_marker())). Next we campare reprojection errors of two methods. I commented some parts of code not to display all the images and not to perform time-consuming operations. 
Results: 
Error for first method is 0.2664872046798019 (known distances between markers)
Error for second method is 0.12271440196217183 (unknown distances)

At the beginning I was suprised by the results. I thought that knowing distances between markers, so in other words having more information about some objects in the image will result in more accurate camera calibration. However, smaller reprojection error was achieved by method with unknown distances between markers. I searched for some idea why it happened. The explanation is probably connected with the way errors are calculated in those two methods. Error in first method is based on a larger number of relationships between points. This method provides more complex error measure. In second method we have small number of relationships between points and in a result less constraints to satisfy while calculating error. In consequence error can be smaller, but we cannot say that calibration is better. Reprojection error in second method is lower due to less comprehensive evaluation. Finally, I undistorted photos with method which uses all available information. In my opinion it results in better visual effects. Undistorted photos are saved in stitching folder.

#### task2:
In task 2 we had to implement function which applies projective transformation. In task2() function we execute apply_projective_transformation function on example photo img1 (undistorted_img1), and example homography calculated in task 4 (from igm1 to img2). It is worth to mention that apply_projective_transformation displays origin and transformed image also in next tasks were it is used. Function was implemented in a way described in instruction. It also returns new cordinates of transforemd photo which are then used to find whole panorama plane and to find overlapping regions.

#### task3:
Function find_homography() as I have already mentioned is implemented in first part of stitch.py file. It is used in test_find_homography() function which run 5 tests (for 5 random pair of points) for given homography. Then in loop we make tests for three selected randomly selected homographies.

#### task4:
In this task I implemented zooming and selecting points by mouse clicking functionality. I chose img1 and img2. Selecting points is done manually so main part of code is commented. Based on selected points and found homography there is calculated projective transformation, which is displayed after executing code. It is of course possible to uncomment selecting points part of code and choose differnt matching pairs.

#### task5:
In this task stitching of photos img1->img2 is performed. Homography matrix found in task 4 is used to find projective transformation. Then photos are transformed on one panorama plane (function get_new_shape) and seam is found (function find_seam()). Plot of seam is commented (function plot_seam()). Then we stitch images (stitch_images). Stitched image is saved to "task_5_stitched.jpg" file.

#### task6:
Procedure of stitching photos img9->img8 is simmilar to this described in task 5. Nevertheless we find homography based on matching pairs from SuperGlue.
!python ./match_pairs.py \
    --input_pairs image_pairs.txt \
    --input_dir /content/ \
    --output_dir /content/output \
    --resize 1280 720 \
    --viz

Function calc_homography_based_on_match_pairs() uses functions find_homography_with_ransac() which calculates best homography based on RANSAC method. Stitched image is saved to "task_6_stitched.jpg" file.

#### task7:
In this task we stitch 5 photos: img1, img2, img3, img4, img5 in order 3<-2, 32<-1, 4->321, 5->4321. This method perform procedure from task 6 four times. Stitched panorama is saved to "task_7_stitched.jpg" file.

#### All parts of code are also explained in stitch.py file (capital letters comments).
